# CS320-Software-Test-Automation-QA
  When ensuring that my code, is both functional and secure I found especially through this semester that different testing methods are invaluable specifically JUnit testing in ensuring proper functionality of specific methods. By following proper code practices when writing my code, it made going back to make revisions significantly easier regarding in text comments and clean code. By using unit testing during the code writing process, I found it easier to move forward knowing the previous code was successful rather than coming back to it after completion and running the code. When interpreting user needs and incorporating them into a program, I think that first gathering requirements from stakeholders, end users, and product owners is an important baseline to get an understanding. Building on top of this established baseline it can be refined through user stories, and use cases as well as feedback from prototypes and taking advantage of iterative development.
	When approaching the design of software I think that its crucial to consider future scalability depending on the project at hand, focusing on modularity of components to maintain an easy to scale program is vital. Proper documentation is essential for future members to have a better understanding of the product and its implementation. Security and performance are invaluable for user experience, incorporating proper security principles and practices into the design of the software are necessary to ensure data protection. Its important to also consider flexibility in the design process of the software as to allow easy adaptation to the potential of changing requirements. By embracing a design approach that emphasizes scalability, modularity, documentation, security, performance, and flexibility, software developers can create resilient, maintainable, and user-friendly applications that meet both present and future needs effectively.
